A README.txt is a general description of the application, the task scenarios 
(with updates if changes made) and any other details to be passed on to the marker. 

App Description (from Assignment 1)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Good Money is a financial assistant app designed to help people (specifically 
students and young adults) manage their spending responsibly by keeping track 
of their monthly income and expenses. Budgeting is not something that students 
in their freshman year have experience with. It is easy to indulge in reckless 
spending and lose track of one’s savings. Even into one’s twenties, young 
adults are still often not cognizant of their spending habits. Many would like 
to budget responsibly, but either lack the organizational skills or don’t know 
where to start. This app is intended to make being financially responsible easy 
for students and young adults who lack experience with budgeting.

This app is able to link up to a personal bank account and sync credit/debit 
cards to automatically update the app. As the user makes purchases, the 
application will graph out the expenses, income, and net balance over time and 
categorize what type of purchases were made (eg. eating out, entertainment, 
groceries). This will show the user how their money is being spent throughout 
the month.

Good Money analyzes the user’s expenses and makes recommendations on the basis 
of spending habits. It then sets monthly goals and keeps track of the user’s 
progress with respect to those goals."


Task Scenarios (revised from Assignment 2)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1 Basic Budgeting
 
Sally wants to figure out where to start with budgeting. She accordingly 
creates an account with Good Money and grants the app access to her bank 
accounts. Sally answers a series of questions about her spending habits in 
various categories of expenses. The app then takes all of the information about 
Sally’s income, goals, and regular expenses, and generates a concrete budgeting 
plan for her. The application gives Sally some feedbacks like free spending 
money, budget summary, and also visual graph summary. Sally now has an 
intuitive, easy way to assess a plan to use her money.
 
 
2	 Expense Projection
 
John would like to branch out from the university life and explore the area 
around him, but he doesn’t have a stable income and wants to be financially 
independent from his parents. He decides that he wants to go to a snazzy event 
downtown with a couple of his friends. He wants to know how much he is safe to 
spend that night. He opens the Good Money app, and it shows his “extra 
expenses” and “food” budget options are about 35 dollars short for the 
exorbitant entry fee at this event. He then selects the “add expense” button 
from the home screen, and enters 35 dollars into the “how much?” field. His 
monthly projected budget alters accordingly by decreasing the amount of free 
spending money for the next four weeks. He is explained the repercussions of 
spending this money, and asked to confirm that the consequences are acceptable. 
He decides that they are, presses ok, and his current “extra expenses” field 
increases to $69–enough to attend the event.
 
3	 Budget Analysis
 
Sally is wondering whether she’s stayed within budget this week. She opens the 
Good Money app and presses the “Weekly Progress” button on the home page. She 
is presented with a visualization of the spending amounts in each of her 
several spending categories. It appears she has spent too much on food but 
hasn’t spent any of her “free spending money”. As a result, she sees that her 
weekly budget is not in deficit. She then decides to hold off on going out for 
dinner that night after classes and goes home to eat.

